clarify wording in experiments.mdx (#5065)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: docs/guides/references/experiments.mdx

title: Experiments
---

If you'd like to try out what we're working on in Cypress, you can enable 

> experiments for your project by turning on specifc features using the 
> Cypress configuration options described below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
specific experimental features for your project using the 
Cypress configuration options described below.
```
